Hi, my name is George and today I'm going to be
walking you through our visualization for our Beat
the Book project. We're first going to start on
this visualization on the left, on the x-axis we
have sports books, you can see each sports book
listed out, we also have sports books sorted by
color, the color obviously corresponds to which
color the dot is, and on the y-axis we have the
difference between the average spreads so we can
see which games have the biggest change in spreads
based on where they are positioned on the y-axis.
For this example I'm going to be pretending we're
in Massachusetts and trying to place a bet, so we
have our state filter here in the center, what I'm
going to do is I'm going to uncheck all of them
and then I'm going to pick just Massachusetts.
If you're going between states or you have a
couple different states that you can bet in,
you can obviously pick multiple, but for this
example we're going to be doing Massachusetts.
So let's say I'm sitting here and I look at
this Dallas Mavericks at Sacramento Kings game,
so that means the Sacramento Kings are at home I
can see that the home team has a six point spread
and the away team also has a six point spread
which means the Kings are projected to win by
six points and the Mavericks are projected to
lose by six points. So let's say I see this
and I see all right, that's from betonline.ag,
then I'm going over and I see another Dallas
Mavericks versus Sacramento Kings game, this
one from mybookie.ag. If I want to click on this
I can see that the home team is now favored by
six and a half points and the away team is now
supposed to lose by six and a half
points. So if I was a betting man,
I would choose to bet with mybookie.ag because if
the Kings end up winning by six points, instead of
getting a push, I'm gonna actually win my bet
because I had six and a half compared to six.
We also have on visualization two
the away price for money lines,
and yeah, that's pretty much it.
Thank you so much for watching.